{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18720\viewh11900\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\pardirnatural

\f1\b\fs72 \cf0 ANTLRWorks
\fs24 \

\f0\b0 1.0 early access 1\
\
(c) 2005 Jean Bovet & Terence Parr\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\

\f1\b Welcome to ANTLRWorks!\

\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f2 \cf0 ANTLRWorks is a simple but efficient IDE for ANTLR 3 grammar. ANTLRWorks allows users to edit, visualize, interpret and debug any ANTLR 3 grammar through an easy-to-use graphical user interface.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 The User's Guide is available at\
\
	http://www.antlr.org/works/antlrworks.pdf\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
More information is available at\
\
	http://www.antlr.org/works/index.html\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 If you have problems or think you have found a bug in ANTLRWorks, report it at\
\
	http://www.antlr.org/misc/feedback\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\

\f1\b Installation\

\f0\b0 \
Download the complete archive antlrworks.jar at\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	http://www.antlr.org/works/index.html\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
This archive contains everything needed to work with ANTLRWorks (it includes ANTLR 3, StringTemplate, XJLibrary, etc.).\
\
To run ANTLRWorks, simply double-click on the antlrworks.jar file. From the command line, type "java -jar antlrworks.jar".\
\
\

\f1\b Advanced installation\

\f0\b0 \
If you want to use another version of ANTLR 3 (like an upgrade), you will have to expand the antlrworks.jar archive to remove ANTLR 3.\
\
To expand the archive, type "jar -xj antlrworks.jar". The following directories will be expanded:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f3 \cf2 	antlr\
	com/jgoodies/forms\
	edu/usfca/xj\
	org/antlr/\
	org/antlr/stringtemplate\
	org/antlr/works\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
You may then remove ANTLR 3 (that is everything in "org/antlr/" except "org/antlr/stringtemplate" and "org/antlr/works"). Note that ANTLRWorks requires the "com/jgoodies/forms" and "edu/usfca/xj" directories.\
\
Make sure ANTLR 3 is in your class-path and then launch ANTLRWorks using "java org.antlr.works.IDE".\
\

\f1\b History\

\f0\b0 \
06/01/05 - version 1.0ea1\
	- first public release\
\
\

\f1\b Legal Notice
\f0\b0 \
\
We cannot guarantee that this release will not completely wipe out all of your work from your system.  We do some simple testing before each release, but you are completely on your own.  We recommend testing this release on a source repository that is not critical to your work. \
\
         THIS SOFTWARE IS SUPPLIED COMPLETELY "AS IS".  \
                       NO WARRANTY....\
\
Thanks for your support!\
\
Jean Bovet\
}